so now we have our beautiful duck now this is
very I think it's probably one of my favorite uh
poultries that I mean not only all poultries
have fat with the skin dog particularly is
is probably one of the most delicate fats that
you will find it helps us once we render the
fat I want you guys to take a look at this
all these I'm gonna be cutting all of these
all of these won't be going to waste i'm
gonna render this make it into a liquid uh
fat sort of source and when I use that to
comfy our legs I want to use that to cook
you know the side dishes that we might be serving
with with our beautiful dog with potatoes beets
asparagus anything like that can
be cooked with dog fight as well
so the same structure as the chicken you have the
breast you have the thigh you have the drumstick
and then you have the wings as well notice
that the wing in itself unlike the breaths
unlike the chicken it does not have as much
muscle right here so therefore the meat that
you may get it from here um it's not as as as
pronounced as you would do it with with chicken
uh the first thing I'm gonna do I'm just
gonna remove some of the fat from here now
this fat as I mentioned earlier will not dispose
to this okay this is excellent for rendering fat
and we're going to use that fat for confine
not just the dog but different things like like
vegetables and and other meats as well okay just
like this perfect so now what we're going to do
i'm going to flip this bird I'm going
to identify where the oyster muscles are
which are right here I'm going to make the little
cross right here this is going to be my guide to
know where am I going to be slicing the meats okay
so I'm just going to go through these like these
to that point
the same on the other leg
now myoglobin is a concentration
of blood basically on the muscles
and the way it works is the more the
muscle is used the more concentration
of myoglobin would happen and the the color
of the the muscle would change to a darker
a darker red okay and that is the reason
why with duck and goose um because of that
concentration of myoglobin because of the they
use the muscles to fly and and to move and and
so that concentration allows us to have to be
able to cook the breasts for example on dock
to a medium rare where or a medium where a chicken
has to be cooked all the way throughout okay
remove this part off
and then here you have a beautiful
i'm just to slice this very quickly
a beautiful dark breast that could
be cured and then it could be pansier
and serve medium rare medium medium well
whatever whatever your customer desires